README.md, before:

# KleoDelegationAnalysis
Kleo Delegator Analysis

Finished: 

delegationsOnOtherChains.py - checks delegators on sourcechain and queries total balance on "chain to analyse"
delegatorSnapshot - checks all of our delegators on a list of chains and returns in native format 

to do towards AKASH/INJ Push: 
- Percentage conversion of existing Kleo Delegators into delegators on the new chain - comparison script to be written
- DONE - effect on existing chain delegations from the airdrop campaign (do we get more delegators on our other validators from the exposure)
- Number of new-to-Kleo delegators to the new chain vs existing delegators
- Percentage of retained delegators after 6 months the validate payback assumptions
- Percentage of airdrop claimed vs clawed back

to do: 
- get script to get our validator address on each chain (using Kleomedes moniker) so that we don't need to manually enter validator addresses for snapshotting


Work In Progress: 
compareCurrentandPastSnapshot.py - analysis based on current (api read) and past snapshots (saved json file)
delegatorSnapshotProcessing.py - helper file with functions for processing 
utils - helper file 
publicKeyUtils.py - for INJ address derivation

Commit message:

updated gitignore updated readme to reflect out of date pipfile

README.md, after:

# KleoDelegationAnalysis
Kleo Delegator Analysis

There is a pipfile from pipenv, but it hasn't been updated.
Can update if needed. 

Finished: 

delegationsOnOtherChains.py - checks delegators on sourcechain and queries total balance on "chain to analyse"
delegatorSnapshot - checks all of our delegators on a list of chains and returns in native format 

to do towards AKASH/INJ Push: 
- Percentage conversion of existing Kleo Delegators into delegators on the new chain - comparison script to be written
- DONE - effect on existing chain delegations from the airdrop campaign (do we get more delegators on our other validators from the exposure)
- Number of new-to-Kleo delegators to the new chain vs existing delegators
- Percentage of retained delegators after 6 months the validate payback assumptions
- Percentage of airdrop claimed vs clawed back

to do: 
- get script to get our validator address on each chain (using Kleomedes moniker) so that we don't need to manually enter validator addresses for snapshotting


Work In Progress: 
compareCurrentandPastSnapshot.py - analysis based on current (api read) and past snapshots (saved json file)
delegatorSnapshotProcessing.py - helper file with functions for processing 
utils - helper file 
publicKeyUtils.py - for INJ address derivation
